You wait for me.
Hey, didn't Zhang Zhao say to give me the faucet?
How can I give that turtle
Screw you
Xiaoshuai
What did you say before
Mr. Zhao, your exquisite clothes have arrived.
I don't know the clothes given to you by the beautiful woman
Then you are now
Thank you for today.
Thank me for what?
Jiang Family Auction House
What can Shankechen do to enter Miss Li's eyes?
You bought the faucet stick to give it back to me, right?
I'll give you a crystal cup.
I'll give you a faucet stick back.
From now on, we don't owe each other
Is the stinky boy looking at other people's girls?
No Aunt May
Didn't Dad ask me to take care of him before he left?
Just his temper
Who likes your dad and let me take care of you?
Sister, let's forget it, hahaha.
It's as fun as teasing your dad
There we go.
You can't go